Add contributors (#85)
XRPLBounties/Proposals: README.md

<br>

# Thanks For Contributing
XRPL Bounties would like to express our sincere gratitude to all of the contributors who have helped to improve the XRPL ecosystem through their participation in bounties. Your hard work and dedication are highly valued and appreicated. 
## Contributor list (No Particular Order):

> - [kasiimh1](https://github.com/kasiimh1)

Reviewer: What about just putting it in alphabetical order by username?

Reviewer 2: Agreed and the list shouldn't be based on the number of milestones and what not, just alphabetical order to show gratitude to all contributors 👍🏼

<br>

# Thanks For Contributing

> XRPL Bounties would like to express our sincere gratitude to all of the contributors who have helped to improve the XRPL ecosystem through their participation in bounties. Your hard work and dedication are highly valued and appreicated. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
XRPL Bounties expresses sincere gratitude to all of the contributors who help to improve the XRP Ledger and related projects. Your hard work and dedication are highly valued and appreciated. 
```

> ## Contributor list (In Alphabetical Order):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Contributor List (In Alphabetical Order):
```
